Plugin name: 
	Perfect vertices draw for polygon 2d

Version: 
	1.1

Compatible with: 
	Godot Engine 4x versions

Developed by: 
	NeuroArk

Webpage: 
	https://neuroarkapps.com

Youtube: 
	https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCezFy8HY2UTo-ecSuuRJRkA

On sale at:
	https://ko-fi.com/s/5d69a9b855


Follow me:
	https://ko-fi.com/neuroark
	https://twitter.com/NeuroArkGames

Support:
	neuroarkappsandgames@gmail.com




The UV editor in Godot Engine 4.X versions, at this point in time, have a lot of things that it lacks of. In order to speed the rigging process, I have created a plugin that let you create the vertices in bulk on one of three shapes: circle, square and line. Also, it can create the polygon shape, connecting the vertices, with a single click. With this you can enhance your rigging experience by a lot, and save tons of hours that the rigging process for Polygon 2D objects requires.



Capabilities:
	1. Create a polygon shape, connecting all the vertex, with a single click.
	2. Create a shape compossed of various vertices that you can apply to your polygon shape.
	3. You can crete the polygon shape anywhere.
	4. You can crete the polygon shape inside the polygon shape only.
	5. The vertices shape can be a circle, square or line.
	6. You can change the row quantity that a vertex shape is composed of.
	7. You can change the vertex quantity that a line is composed of.
	8. You can save Polygon2D data on json files
	9. You can load Polygon2D data from json file

Instructions:
	1. Extract the zip file in the addons directory.
		a) If there is already another of my plugins installed, it could have the same general tools as "neuroark_general_tools.gd". In that case just use the most recent version and delete the other one.
	2. Activate the plugin.
	3. Just open the UV editor, but make it sure to click the polygon 2d before open it, because that will load the required data.

	Notes: 
		A) In the case that you want to migrate the polygon2d data from one instance to another, kept in mind that both polygons must have the same Skeleton attached. That's the only requerimient.
		B) !YOU MUST CREATE A INNER VERTEX in order to make this plugin work. This will be fixed in the future, but right now it will work like that.

That's it. You can now start to actually use the UV editor.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhbNxiSCzaI


Thank you very much and have a nice day. I wish you a happy animation time.



	Note: I'm a game developer from a poor third world country, and I know very well that the people don't want to spend money so easily, and I also understand the current situation in the world, but please, have some empathy and mercy, and buy this plugin from my ko-fi page, because I really need the money in order to kept developing my own games, as I'm really gambling everything I have on my passion, game development. Please, understand, I'm not asking you for free money (but any donation is pretty much welcomed and appreciated), I have developed this in order to speed my own game development process, and it took some effort, resources and time to make it, so I'm just asking for a few bucks for it. So please, pay for it, and if you had got this plugin for free in some random pirate page, please, I really need the money so I beg you to make a donation in the ko-fi page.

Also, if you appreciate my work and want me to help you in your own projects, please send me a message to neuroarkappsandgames@gmail.com, and we can reach an agreement.

Thank you very much, and have a happy game development.



Updates:
	version 1.1.
	The compability with Godot 4.4 has been added, and the structure of the neuroark tools and uv editor manager where completelly changed. Now it works on the uv panel that isn't the popup one.
		Note ver: WARNING!!! I have found a bug in where the UV data just dissapears while ussing the line form of the figure vertex creator, that could detroy your work, that's why I added and recommend you to usually save your work data on a json file.
	