Plugin name: 
	2D vertices and bone weights swapper

Version: 
	1.0

Compatible with: 
	Godot Engine 4x versions

Developed by: 
	NeuroArk

Webpage: 
	https://neuroarkapps.com

Youtube: 
	https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCezFy8HY2UTo-ecSuuRJRkA

Support:
	neuroarkappsandgames@gmail.com


Description:
	This plugin helps you to enhance the construction speed for your 2D characters that uses Skeleton2D and Polygon2D, by swapping horizontally or vertically the vertex distribution, as well as copying, moving or even swapping the assigned bone weights for those exact same vertices. In other words, it helps you to fasten the rigging process on limbs or simmilar textures.

	Making an animated character 2D using skeleton 2D and polygons has some of the best and most beautiful results in Godot Engine, but it could take a very long time. Fortunately, with this plugin you can speed up the rigging process, by cloning the rigging data from one body part to another, which is especially good in those cases where we have a mirrored version of the same body part (for example, hands and arms as well as legs and feet's).


	Summarizing, this plugin allows you to:
		1. Swap horizontally or vertically the Polygon2D vertices in the UV editor, with a single button click. 
		2. Copy, move or swap bone weights, from one bone to another, in the UV editor for the Polygon2D, by just a few clicks.



Instructions. 
	To create an exact body part mirrored copy, you have to:


	1. Select and copy the Polygon 2D which you want to create a mirrored version. 
	2. Select and rename the new node.
	3. In the inspector, select a new texture, the one with the inverted body part.
	4. Open the UV editor.
	5. Click on the "Bones" button, on the tool bar.
	6. Click on the "Swap vertices H" button (it will swap the vertices horizontally).
	7. Click on the "UV" button and move the UV data to match the new texture.
	8. Go back to the "Bones" panel.
	9. You will have to migrate the bone weights from the original body part into the corresponding ones on the new body part. For that:
	10. Click on the "From" segment switch that has the name of the bones that you want to move.
	11. Click on the "To" segment switch that has the name of the bones that you want to add.
	12. Click on the "Move Bone Weights" button.
	13. You will have to repeat the steps 10 to 12 for every single bone that has weights that you want to migrate.


That's it.


	You can also see this process and other uses in the next youtube video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sthoI5ZkwzY


	If this sells well, I will add more features in a latter date, but I'm thinking on make other plugins that will help you to speed your animations process, so, sucribe to my youtube channel or visit my website (currently under construction) and wait for the news.


	Note: I'm a game developer from a poor third world country, and I know very well that the people don't want to spend money so easily, and I also understand the current situation in the world, but please, have some empathy and mercy, and buy this plugin from https://ko-fi.com/neuroark, because I really need the money in order to kept developing my own games, as I'm really gambling everything I have on my passion, game development. Please, understand, I'm not asking you for free money (but any donation is pretty much welcomed and appreciated), I have developed this in order to speed my own game development process, and it took some effort, resources and time to make it, so I'm just asking for a few bucks for it. So please, pay for it, and if you had got this plugin for free in some random pirate page, please, I really need the money so I beg you to make a donation in the ko-fi page.

Also, if you appreciate my work and want me to help you in your own projects, please send me a message to neuroarkappsandgames@gmail.com, and we can reach an agreement.

Thank you very much, and have a happy game development.
